add page for using libraries without Amplify backend (#7724)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/start/libraries-standalone/index.mdx

import { getCustomStaticPath } from '@/utils/getCustomStaticPath';
import { Card } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';

export const meta = {

>   title: 'Connect to AWS resources',

Reviewer: can we align the title and slug?

Author: updated

  description: 'You can use Amplify client libraries to connect directly to your AWS resources without having to set up an Amplify backend.',
  platforms: [
    'android',
    'angular',
    'flutter',
    'javascript',
    'nextjs',
    'react',
    'react-native',
    'swift',
    'vue'
  ]
};

export const getStaticPaths = async () => {
  return getCustomStaticPath(meta.platforms);
};

export function getStaticProps(context) {
  return {
    props: {
      platform: context.params.platform,
      meta
    }
  };
}

> Amplify client libraries provide you with the flexibility to directly connect your application to AWS resources, regardless of whether you choose to set up an Amplify backend environment or not. You can take advantage of the Amplify libraries while maintaining control over your AWS resources. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amplify client libraries provide you with the flexibility to directly connect your application to AWS resources, regardless of whether you choose to set up an Amplify backend environment or manually configure individual AWS services, such as AWS AppSync, Amazon Cognito, Amazon S3, and more. You can take advantage of the Amplify libraries while maintaining control over your AWS resources. 
```

> If you prefer not to use the Amplify backend, you can still benefit from the Amplify libraries by following the instructions provided

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence is now redundant given the paragraph above.
